c:\users\treportel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSB-Admin\GSB-Admin\bin\Debug\GSB-Admin.exe.config
c:\users\treportel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSB-Admin\GSB-Admin\bin\Debug\GSB-Admin.exe
c:\users\treportel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSB-Admin\GSB-Admin\bin\Debug\GSB-Admin.pdb
c:\users\treportel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSB-Admin\GSB-Admin\bin\Debug\GSB-Admin.xml
c:\users\treportel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSB-Admin\GSB-Admin\obj\Debug\GSB_Admin.frm_principal.resources
c:\users\treportel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSB-Admin\GSB-Admin\obj\Debug\GSB_Admin.Resources.resources
c:\users\treportel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSB-Admin\GSB-Admin\obj\Debug\GSB-Admin.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\treportel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSB-Admin\GSB-Admin\obj\Debug\GSB-Admin.exe
c:\users\treportel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSB-Admin\GSB-Admin\obj\Debug\GSB-Admin.xml
c:\users\treportel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSB-Admin\GSB-Admin\obj\Debug\GSB-Admin.pdb
c:\users\treportel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSB-Admin\GSB-Admin\obj\Debug\GSB_Admin.creatUser.resources
c:\users\treportel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSB-Admin\GSB-Admin\obj\Debug\GSB_Admin.connexion.resources
C:\Users\badbo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GSB-Admin\GSB-Admin\bin\Debug\GSB-Admin.exe.config
C:\Users\badbo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GSB-Admin\GSB-Admin\obj\Debug\GSB-Admin.exe
C:\Users\badbo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GSB-Admin\GSB-Admin\obj\Debug\GSB-Admin.xml
C:\Users\badbo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GSB-Admin\GSB-Admin\obj\Debug\GSB-Admin.pdb
C:\Users\badbo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GSB-Admin\GSB-Admin\bin\Debug\GSB-Admin.exe
C:\Users\badbo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GSB-Admin\GSB-Admin\bin\Debug\GSB-Admin.pdb
C:\Users\badbo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GSB-Admin\GSB-Admin\bin\Debug\GSB-Admin.xml
C:\Users\badbo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GSB-Admin\GSB-Admin\obj\Debug\GSB_Admin.connexion.resources
C:\Users\badbo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GSB-Admin\GSB-Admin\obj\Debug\GSB_Admin.creatUser.resources
C:\Users\badbo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GSB-Admin\GSB-Admin\obj\Debug\GSB_Admin.frm_principal.resources
C:\Users\badbo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GSB-Admin\GSB-Admin\obj\Debug\GSB_Admin.Resources.resources
C:\Users\badbo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GSB-Admin\GSB-Admin\obj\Debug\GSB-Admin.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
